The Internet Is For… Downtime.
Published on April 25, 2011.
These last few weeks have been really, really bad for the internet.
I mean, in general.
What with Media Temple going down due to their nameservers , Amazon EC2 going down , and also the Playstation Network refusing to let me log in … You’d think there was a cyberattack going on or something.
My websites did not manage to dodge all of the bullets either.
A few sites were down from the Media Temple thing.
I also inadvertently broke a few sites here and there.
After the Media Temple downtime, I wanted to try updating a few Ruby Gems to get Passenger Phusion working.
Unfortunately my rails apps hadn’t been updated in forever, so updating things broke backwards compatibility.
I’ve been working on getting Anime Nano back to full capacity on the newest version of Rails.
I think the whole experience was a bit stressful, but probably ended up being good in the long run.
I was also surprised to see Mapskrieg going down late last week.
Apparently I hadn’t verified the domain for Google Apps and Google decided to close my account.
The one that was serving Mapskrieg via App Engine.
This was really annoying since all of the “act now or we’ll delete your account” emails were classified as spam in gmail and I am pretty sure I had verified the account previously.
If Google doesn’t want my money then screw them.
I figure I can actually serve the site for cheaper than App Engine since a few other apps live on the same server.
The App Engine thing was a fun experiment but there are still too many limitations in the datastore to base a real app on it.
Specifically, datastore writes cost way too much and indexes take way too much overhead in disk space (which you eventually need to pay for).
So now I’m back to running most sites on Media Temple, though I may diversify in case Media Temple continues to have downtime issues.
It was a stressful few days, but at least I got to practice my sysadmin skills a bit and update my server in the process.